Lightwave (#1818)
h2oai/wave: py/h2o_wavelite/README.md

# H2O Wavelite

> H2O Wavelite is a lighter version of [H2O Wave](https://wave.h2o.ai/) consisting of python driver only, no Golang server. This allows for seamless integration into popular existing python web frameworks like Django, Flask, FastAPI, Starlette etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H2O Wave Lite is a lightweight, pure-Python version of [H2O Wave](https://wave.h2o.ai/) that can be embedded in popular web frameworks like  Django, Flask, FastAPI, Starlette, etc. 

In other words, H2O Wave Lite works without the Wave server.
```

The integration consists of 2 steps:

> * Serve Wavelite's static web dir at the route of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add Wave's web assets directory to your framework's static file handler.
```

> * Set up a WebSocket connection and hook `wave_serve` callback function to control the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a WebSocket handler, and use `wave_serve()` to connect connect Wave to your web UI.
```

> Done. You can render UI elements with nothing but Python. Wavelite aims to be as simplistic as possible and only provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it. You can now render UI elements using pure Python. Wave Lite aims to be as minimal as possible and only provides:
```
